# Online-Campus-Selection-System

The Online Campus Selection System developed for Human Resource (HR) Department with including functioning of Human Resource Department. This system is helpful for Human Resource (HR) Department to make easy student selection process. We can say this system similar to Human Resource (HR) Management System.

The online campus selection system (OCSS) work at college or university. The College invited to company for register in this system and help to get students easily as per their qualification and requirements. Other hand college has all the student data submitted in this system so that student can get easily job. The system is a mutual place for both student and company. The online campus selection system helps student to get job and company to get employee.

We can use Campus Selection system for University and any Companies. It is developed for smooth working of HR Department. Universities and companies can get benefited through this system. This Website is fully integrated with Student and Company Relationship Management and developed in a manner that is easily manageable, time and cost saving that shows relieving one from manual works. Online Campus Selection provides automated technical screening, intellectual evaluation, electronic mail integration to conduct recruitment. This feature’s helps in many ways like saving cost, time and paper work, this shows the paperless environment, unlimited Custom and reports.

Development of rich web based Campus Selection System for Universities and any Companies. Online Campus Selection System is developed for smooth working of Human Resource Departments. Universities and companies can get benefited through this system. This Website is fully integrated with Student and Company Relationship Management and developed in a manner that is easily manageable, time and cost saving that shows relieving one from manual works. Online Campus Selection provides automated technical screening, intellectual evaluation, electronic mail integration to conduct recruitment. This feature’s helps in many ways like saving cost, time and paper work, this shows the paperless environment, unlimited Custom and reports.
